feat(logging): Add section about logging to self-hosted (#1200)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/server/config.md

  A secret key used for session signing. If this becomes compromised it’s important to regenerate it as otherwise its much easier to hijack user sessions.

  ```yaml
  system.secret-key: 'a-really-long-secret-value'
  ```

  To generate a new value, we’ve provided a helper:

  > $ sentry config generate-secret-key

## Logging

> Sentry logs to two major places: `stdout`, and it's internal project. To disable logging to the internal project, add a logger who's only handler is `'console'` and disable propagating upwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry logs to two major places -- `stdout`, and its internal project. To disable logging to the internal project, add a logger whose only handler is `'console'` and disable propagating upwards.
```

  {% include components/alert.html

>     content="The CLI flag and environment variable explained below override the root logger and anything in `LOGGING.overridable`. Be very careful with this in a production system, because the celery logger can be extremely verbose when set to INFO or DEBUG."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content="Explained below are the CLI flag and environment variable. They override the root logger and anything in `LOGGING.overridable`. Be very careful with this in a production system, because the Celery logger can be extremely verbose when set to INFO or DEBUG."
```

    level="warning"
  %}

`-l/--loglevel`

: Declared on the command line.

>   Sentry has the ability to override logger levels by providing the CLI with the `-l/--loglevel` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sentry can override logger levels by providing the CLI with the `-l/--loglevel` flag.
```

>   The value of this can be one of the [standard python logging level strings](https://docs.python.org/2/library/logging.html#levels).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The value of this can be one of the [standard Python logging level strings](https://docs.python.org/2/library/logging.html#levels).
```

  ```shell
  sentry --loglevel=WARNING
  ```

`SENTRY_LOG_LEVEL`

: Declared in system environment.

>   Sentry has the ability to override logger levels with the `SENTRY_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sentry can override logger levels with the `SENTRY_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable.
```

>   The value of this can be one of the [standard python logging level strings](https://docs.python.org/2/library/logging.html#levels).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The value of this can be one of the [standard Python logging level strings](https://docs.python.org/2/library/logging.html#levels).
```

  ```shell
  SENTRY_LOG_LEVEL=WARNING sentry ...
  ```

`LOGGING`

: Declared in `sentry.conf.py`.

>   You can modify or override the full logging configuration with this setting. Be careful not to reomve or override important defaults. You can check [the default configuration](https://git.io/fjjna) for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can modify or override the full logging configuration with this setting. Be careful not to remove or override important defaults. You can check [the default configuration](https://git.io/fjjna) for reference.
```
